What high school accomplishment are you most proud of that relates to the three pillars of the Jefferson scholarship?
What do you hope to gain from your college experience?
How do you feel about state of the world today?
Pick between funding these two nonprofits: an underdog that’s not well established or a large organization that has had many successes and Why?
What is a change you would make in your school if you were an administrator?
How would your friends describe you?
How do you reflect the UVA Honor Code?
What historical figure would you want to have dinner with?
If you could meet three hisorical figures, who would they be?
What is your biggest regret?
What are the costs/benefits of a liberal democracy?
Should the US ever violate the sovereignty of another country?
What is the biggest problem facing your generation?
If you could own a company, what company would you own, and what would you change?
What is last book you read that wasn’t assigned for school? 
What is a random fact you wish more people would know about? 
What accomplishment in your high school career are you most proud of? 
Where do you see yourself in 5 years? 
Where do you see yourself in 10 years? 
What motivates you to lead? 
What is your greatest strength and greatest weakness as a leader?  
Part of leadership has to do with failure. Have there been any failures that you have encountered in your leadership roles? What did you learn from the experience? 
Is there something in your past that you could go back and do differently? What would it be and why?
What most excites you about going to college? What do you hope to explore? 
If you were to be a player in major league baseball, what would your walk up song be and why? 
What is the biggest difference between you and your best friend?
If you were to be given $500,000 after your senior year of high school and had to take a gap year, what would you do with that money?
Can you tell us more about the DECA curriculum you developed? What did your leadership and participation in DECA teach you about your peers and your community?
Do you think technology should inform public policy, or public policy should inform technology?
If you woke up tomorrow and found that all computers had ‘gone extinct,’ (no more computers, ever again), where would you turn?  
If you were hired as a Senior Fiscal Policy Advisor to the White House tomorrow and had the power to immediately alter one component of US tax policy, what is this first change you would make and why? 
How do we determine the extent of an organization’s ethical responsibility to safeguard our information or respect to our privacy, and how do we hold them accountable?  
How would you reform the US election system if given the chance, and why?
If you were hired as Lead Counsel to Mark Zuckerberg during his US Senate trial accusing him of hiding and manipulating data showing that Instagram is harming teenagers, what would you advise him to say in his testimony to defend his case? 
If you were to explain cryptocurrency to an elementary school student, how would you do so?
How has cryptocurrency influenced our modern day world? Has this effect been more positive or negative?
